hw_unique_key: Fix memset call for zeroing key bytes (#7718)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

      * Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EI_WRAPPER_PROFILING` for logging time of classifier execution.

  * :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library:

>     * Fixed a bug where the random key wasn't deleted from RAM after being generated and written.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Fixed a bug where the random key would not be deleted from RAM after being generated and written.
```
